#LyX 2.3 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 544
\begin_document
\begin_header
\save_transient_properties true
\origin unavailable
\textclass article
\use_default_options true
\maintain_unincluded_children false
\language english
\language_package default
\inputencoding auto
\fontencoding global
\font_roman "default" "default"
\font_sans "default" "default"
\font_typewriter "default" "default"
\font_math "auto" "auto"
\font_default_family default
\use_non_tex_fonts false
\font_sc false
\font_osf false
\font_sf_scale 100 100
\font_tt_scale 100 100
\use_microtype false
\use_dash_ligatures true
\graphics default
\default_output_format default
\output_sync 0
\bibtex_command default
\index_command default
\paperfontsize default
\use_hyperref false
\papersize default
\use_geometry false
\use_package amsmath 1
\use_package amssymb 1
\use_package cancel 1
\use_package esint 1
\use_package mathdots 1
\use_package mathtools 1
\use_package mhchem 1
\use_package stackrel 1
\use_package stmaryrd 1
\use_package undertilde 1
\cite_engine basic
\cite_engine_type default
\use_bibtopic false
\use_indices false
\paperorientation portrait
\suppress_date false
\justification true
\use_refstyle 1
\use_minted 0
\index Index
\shortcut idx
\color #008000
\end_index
\secnumdepth 3
\tocdepth 3
\paragraph_separation indent
\paragraph_indentation default
\is_math_indent 0
\math_numbering_side default
\quotes_style english
\dynamic_quotes 0
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 1
\paperpagestyle default
\tracking_changes false
\output_changes false
\html_math_output 0
\html_css_as_file 0
\html_be_strict false
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout Section
Reviewer #1
\begin_inset Note Note
status open

\begin_layout Plain Layout
International Political Economy; Climate Policy
\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\shape italic
International Attitudes Toward Global Policies
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\shape italic
This study investigates the level and predictors of public support for the
 Global Climate Scheme which consists of introducing a global carbon pricing
 mechanism whose revenues would fund a universal basic income.
 The analysis of survey data from over 20 countries suggests that the policy
 finds supermajoritarian support in Europe and majority support in the United
 States.
 The main conclusion is that the Global Climate Scheme is preferred by a
 robust majority across countries and that “the expressed preference is
 sincere”.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\shape italic
1.

\shape default
 
\shape italic
The results could be very context-dependent because existing conjoint-experiment
al research finds that this sensitivity is absent when voters can also select
 tax plans that would benefit the poor
\begin_inset Note Note
status open

\begin_layout Plain Layout
I don't get it.
 What does 
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

this sensitivity
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

 refer to? Also, the GCP benefit the (human) poor.
 + results on wealth tax show people care about foreign poor.
\end_layout

\end_inset

 (see Ballard-Rosas et al.
 2017 JOP) and because the impact of a policy on the richest individuals
 does not seem to drive preferences in other policy fields (Bechtel and
 Liesch 2020 POQ).

\shape default
 
\begin_inset Note Note
status open

\begin_layout Plain Layout
Our results are perfectly compatible with Bechtel and Liesch 2020 who show
 that people care about poor people.
\begin_inset Note Note
status collapsed

\begin_layout Plain Layout
We can infer from the paper that people would be indifferent between status
 quo and a policy that cost them 1k$ and increase income of the poorest
 by 5k$.
 Or that a majority would support a policy that doubles the income of the
 poorest (Americans) and reduce their income by 1k$.
 This is close to what we find.
\end_layout

\end_inset

 Not mentioning the fact that other papers have shown an aversion for topmost
 inequality (e.g.
 Fisman et al.
 2020).
\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Because of attitudinal ambivalence (the fact that people hold conflicting
 values and exhibit different context-dependent social identities) and changes
 of opinion, it is well known that people's attitudes are context-dependent.
 We actually study in the paper the extent to which attitudes towards the
 Global Climate Scheme (GCS) would change followed a negative media campaign
 (subsection 
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

Pros and Cons
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

).
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Yet, the claims that the support for the GCS contradicts the existing literature
 is unsubstantiated.
 First, we show in our literature review that people favor climate policies
 that are global and equitable, and that our results align well with the
 only previous survey that studied global carbon pricing (Carattini et al.,
 2019).
 Second, while the GCS benefits the poorest humans, our conjoint analyses
 already include policies benefiting poor fellow citizens (higher minimum
 wage, improved public services, higher welfare benefits) and we confirm
 that these policies are the most popular.
 Even though Ballard-Rosa et al.
 (2017) only compares different income tax schedules (and has thus nothing
 to say about the relative preference for global redistribution and national
 redistribution), our conjoint analyses allow to compare the relative preference
 for the GCS and a national redistribution scheme (Figure 8).
 In Spain and in the U.S., the GCS has no significant effect on the likelihood
 that a platform in preferred; while in France, Germany and the UK it has
 a positive effect, larger than the national redistribution scheme.
 Third, our results are perfectly compatible with those of Bechtel and Liesch
 (2020).
 This excellent conjoint analysis paper shows that American people care
 about the effect of a generic policy on the poorest fellow citizens about
 half as much as on their income, and that they care more about losses than
 gains.
 Extrapolating from these findings, we can infer that Americans would be
 indifferent between the status quo and a policy that costs them $1,000
 per year while increasing the income of the poorest by $5,000.
 Or that a majority would support a policy that doubles the income of the
 poorest (Americans) and reduce their income by $1,000 per year.
 This is close to what we find in a global context, as the GCS would double
 the income of the poorest billion humans while costing about $1,000 per
 year to the typical American person.
 Fourth, our results do not imply that the support for global redistributive
 policies is driven by their impacts on the richest individuals, contrary
 to what is claimed, as all the tax policies we test specify the revenue-use.
 Not mentioning that some previous papers have shown aversion for topmost
 inequality (e.g.
 Fisman, Kuziemko & Vannutelli, JEEA, 2020).
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\shape italic
2.
 The authors highlight that there is no “significant policy proposal” on
 the table but that could also be a weakness of the study: did individuals
 know anything about this somewhat complex policy reform? Relatedly, how
 plausible is it from the perspective of both mass publics and experts that
 such a global policy would ever materialize? 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
First, several policies that we test are already ongoing or on the table:
 e.g.
 international transfers for climate loss and damages, $100 billion per
 year in international transfers to help low-income countries adapt to climate
 change, and increasing foreign aid.
 All these policies obtain a similar level of support than options not currently
 on the agenda like the GCS.
 Second, we informed respondents about the policies studied, and some of
 them are pretty straightforward to understand (e.g.
 taxing the wealth of millionaires to finance low-income countries).
 Third, while the most significant policy proposals (in terms of magnitude
 of international transfers) are currently not on the table, the implausibility
 from them ever materizalizing may precisely come from the fact that they
 are not on the table and that public support for such policies is not discussed.
 We could return the question: why global redistribution is still considered
 as implausible if majorities throughout the world support it? This unresolved
 question should pave the way for further research.
\begin_inset Note Note
status open

\begin_layout Plain Layout
Fourth, we acknowledge that if such policies are debated in the media, the
 support for them might change, and we actually test such campaign effect
 in subsection 
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

Pros and Cons
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

.
\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\shape italic
3.
 There is a significant disconnect between the claims about support for
 the global climate scheme and the actual survey item meant to elicit preference
s over such a policy.
 That item merely asks “at which level(s) do you think public policies to
 tackle climate change need to be put in place?” (lines 80-81).
 But asking such a broad and amorphous question does not seem to be informative
 about the level of support for a rather specific, costly, and strongly
 redistributive global reform.
 It could be useful to focus more directly on the studies that are clearly
 focused on the actual policy question.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The global survey not only asks this 
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

broad and amorphous question
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

, but also questions on the support for specific policies such as a global
 tax on greenhouse gases financing a global basic income.
 Contrary to what is claimed, the paper does not measure the support for
 the GCS with the question on the level at which climate policies are needed.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\shape italic
4.
 Similarly, it remains vague how preferences over dividing a carbon budget
 relates to the research question/claims.
 Also, one wonders whether these findings about burden-sharing resonate
 with existing research on this topic.
 The SI section A.1.2 is quite eclectic about how it portrays existing research
 on this topic and that review includes “staff discussion notes”
\begin_inset Note Note
status open

\begin_layout Plain Layout
This is an IMF paper
\end_layout

\end_inset

 papers instead of focusing on high-quality public opinion work published
 in expert journals.
 Think of the increasingly large literature on cost aversion and compensation
 (e.g., Gaikwad et al.
 2022 APSR and the literature cited therein).

\shape default
 
\begin_inset Note Note
status open

\begin_layout Plain Layout
Gaikwad et al.
 (APSR, 2022) is about how to allocate the revenues of a carbon tax within
 a country (on particular, between compensation for coal miners vs.
 other purposes).
 It has nothing to do with burden-sharing between countries.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout
Perhaps the reviewer talks about Gaikward et al.
 (unpublished, 2023)?
\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Attitudes towards burden-sharing are within the scope of attitudes towards
 global climate or redistributive policies.
 Section A.1.2 provides a comprehensive review of attitudes on how to share
 the burden of climate mitigation between countries, and shows that our
 results align well with the existing literature.
 We thank the reviewer for pointing out the typo regarding the outlet of
 the IMF paper by Dabla-Norris et al.
 (2023), which failed to mention the institution.
 We disagree that this paper should not be cited: although it belongs to
 grey literature, it conducts representative surveys over 28,541 respondents
 on 28 countries and represents one the most large-scale evidence on the
 question at stake.
 On the contrary, the paper mentioned (Gaikwad et al., 2022) addresses the
 allocation of carbon tax revenues within a country and has nothing to do
 with burden-sharing between countries.
 Perhaps the reviewer was thinking about Gaikwad, Genovese & Tingley (unpublishe
d, 2023)? In short, the latter paper abstracts from the concept of burden-sharin
g and shows that Americans prefer to decarbonize the U.S.
 rather than India, and that Indians prefer a slow domestic decarbonization
 rather than a rapid one led by a foreign entity.
 This conjoint analysis paper only reports the effects of some features
 of a (sometimes global) climate policy on the support for it but does not
 report the base level of support for the policy (therefore, it cannot be
 cited to give information on the level of support towards burden-sharing
 principles).
 The authors communicated to me the base level on a 10-point scale: it is
 6.0 in the U.S.
 and 7.2 in India.
 Combined with the effects in that paper's Appendix C, these results confirm
 majority support for international transfers even in the U.S.
 
\begin_inset Note Note
status open

\begin_layout Plain Layout
Therefore, it is of little help to uncover the level of support towards
 burden-sharing principles.
\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\shape italic
5.
 A key question is whether the predicted levels of support are plausible,
 especially since the policy would entail considerable redistribution that
 would require exceptional and maybe even unprecedented levels of international
 administrative coordination with respect to both the extraction of resources
 and their re-allocation.
 I currently am missing a strategy to address the argument that the high
 levels of support reflect the fact that many respondents simply discount
 the reform as being purely speculative, having a close-to-zero probability
 of ever materializing, and lacking any clear (personal) costs above and
 beyond that any costs would fall on the very rich and respondents therefore
 think they would be net beneficiaries.
 The importance of (personal) costs has been documented in existing experimental
 global climate policy research and the findings suggest that a moderate
 increase in personal costs could lead to sizable shifts in public support
 even if there is a causally identified preference for allocating costs
 in line with fairness norms such as the ability-to-pay principle (see Bechtel
 and Scheve 2013 PNAS).
 This is in some sense consistent with the descriptive patterns report in
 Figure 2 and it would be helpful to make this explicit and think about
 possible explanations.
 Overall, however, it seems that any study intending to generate predicted
 levels of support for the types of global and unprecedented policies would
 have to carefully account for cost sensitivities.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
That some of the policies we test have low chances of materializing might
 be a reason why people would overstate their support.
 Yet, it seems that with all the results we provide, the burden of proof
 for such a claim is now shifted to people (like the reviewer) who remain
 unconvinced that there is strong and genuine support for global redistribution.
 Indeed: First, the support is about as high for distant policies like the
 GCS as for existing ones like the $100 billion of international transfers
 for climate finance.
 Second, our results show that in some European countries like France, vote
 intention for a progressive candidate may increase by 11 p.p.
 if they propose the GCS, which may be the most compelling evidence that
 the support is profound.
 Third, the reason why people could overstate their support in case the
 policy has few chances to occur is probably a social desirability bias.
 Yet, our list experiment shows no social desirability bias in favor of
 the GCS.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
On the question of personal costs, our results are in line with the literature,
 which shows that support for a climate policy depends on the perceptions
 that it is fair, effective and in one's interest (e.g.
 Douenne & Fabre, 2022).
 Because it is global and corresponds to an equal right to emit for each
 human, the GCS is by construction fair and effective.
 On the other hand, it is costly to people in high-income countries.
 This explains why the policy is less supported in countries (like the U.S.)
 where costs are higher.
 This also explains why policies like the global tax on millionaires obtain
 more support: it involves no direct costs (only opportunity costs) to the
 respondents.
 Also, note that respondents support only 
\shape italic
some degree 
\shape default
of global redistribution: if 90% of the respondents prefer to allocate some
 positive share of a global wealth tax revenues to low-income countries,
 the median preferred share for low-income countries is 30%, not 100%.
 Although this would represent an unprecedented international transfer (of
 about 0.7% of high-income countries' GDP), this would still be a low amount
 compared to the magnitude of public transfers that people consent to within
 a country.
 If the burden of a wealth tax is concentrated on the top 1%, the massive
 public support should not come as a surprise.
 Rather, the conundrum becomes why such a policy is not being implemented:
 as a frequent argument against a rich tax is that wealthy people would
 flee to another country, it is totally understandable that the support
 is high for a global wealth tax, which would address this concern.
\begin_inset Note Note
status open

\begin_layout Plain Layout
Furthermore, it may well be the case that people find it in their interest
 (or that of their children) to stop climate change or eradicate extreme
 poverty, as it would make a safer and more peaceful world.
 
\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\shape italic
6.
 This is related to the potential role of the list experiment as an attempt
 to address social desirability concerns.
 This problem would be particularly relevant if a policy is highly ethically
 sensitive or very politicized.
 But the main concern with the current study would be about the lack of
 a clear and somewhat attributable cost component.
 Also, Table 1 does not provide any information about what is being reported
 here and how the quantities have been estimated which is inconsistent with
 accepting transparent reporting standards.
 It is also somewhat misleading to claim that any differences here would
 indicate (through the wording selected for this table) that these reflect
 social desirability bias.
 There could be many alternatives explanations such as interaction effects
 between the proposed alternatives, e.g., beliefs about the political and
 economic consequences of pursuing multiple policies simultaneously that
 are unrelated to social desirability.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
We do not agree that the GCS suffers from 
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

the lack of a clear and somewhat attributable cost component
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

.
 We make clear to the respondents that the policy would be costly to them
 (e.g.
 $85 per month for a typical American), and verify that people understand
 this cost with an incentivized comprehension question (after which we give
 the correct answer that the typical person in their country would lose).
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
We thought that Table 1 was self-explanatory in that it showed the regression
 results of the number of supported policies on whether the list includes
 the GCS, plus some extra elements: the support at the simple stated question,
 the social desirability bias (which is the difference between the coefficient
 of the regression and the stated support) and the confidence interval for
 the social desirability bias.
 We thank the reviewer for pointing out that the Table deserves a explanatory
 note.
 We will add such a note to explain how to read the Table and report the
 method used (currently only in the section Methods).
\begin_inset Note Note
status open

\begin_layout Plain Layout
TODO
\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
List experiments are commonly used to measure social desirability bias (e.g.
 Kuklinski et al., JoP, 1997).
 The question does not specify whether the policies of the list would be
 implemented or not, let alone simultaneously.
 That the support for some policy in the list might spill over to the support
 for the GCS has no consequence on the result of the list experiment, as
 the other policies are present in the lists of both branches.
 Finally, the results from our first conjoint analyses show no interaction
 effects between the policies present in the list.
 In short, consistently with the literature, our list experiment is used
 to measure a potential social desirability bias.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\shape italic
7.
 It is not obvious how deviating from the standard conjoint design (lines
 239-244)
\begin_inset Note Note
status open

\begin_layout Plain Layout
prioritization
\end_layout

\end_inset

 by adding the points component to assess a selection of previously shown
 profiles improves over existing work.
 To be clear, there could be a good reason for this design, but one would
 have to make that reason explicit.
 Moreover, these results again show that taxing the rich is the overriding
 concern.
 Since this finding conflicts with what we know about tax policy preferences
 (at least in the US, see Ballard et al.
 2016 JOP
\begin_inset Note Note
status open

\begin_layout Plain Layout
I don't find it: is it Johnston & Ballard, JOP (2016)?
\end_layout

\end_inset

; Scheve/Stasavage 2022 CPS), one would have to acknowledge this discrepancy
 which raises questions about the validity of the findings.
 One could begin exploring this issue by analyzing the results for the US
 separately although there are obvious limits to what can be realized within
 the current design framework due to comparability issues.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Our question on the prioritization of policies is 
\shape italic
not 
\shape default
a conjoint analysis.
 The prioritization allows inferring individual-level preferences for one
 policy over another, while a conjoint analysis only allows inferring individual
-level preferences for one platform over another or collective-level preferences
 for one policy over another.
 Also, by comparing platforms, conjoint analyses may be subject to interaction
 effects between policies of a platform (which can be seen as complementary,
 subsitute, or antagonistic) while the prioritization frames the policies
 as independent.
 That being said, we agree that both methods yield similar results.
 We used both to get more reliable results but we are ready to drop the
 prioritization from the main text if needed.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
There is no such paper as Ballard et al., Journal of Politics, 2016, and
 we do not really see what paper the reviewer refers to.
 As for Scheve & Stasavage (2022), this paper does not provide any survey
 evidence and simply highlights three explanations for why we do not observe
 more wealth redistribution: that other issues are more important to citizens,
 that citizens do not support wealth redisitribution, and that decisions
 are not taken democratically.
 The first and third explanations are compatible with our results: on the
 one hand, policies such as a higher minimum wage or improved public services
 are generally seen as more important as a wealth tax; on the other hand,
 taxing the rich may be hindered by tax dodging and the lack of tax cooperation
 between countries, and given the electoral system, the majority may not
 have the final word in countries like France or the U.S.
 The second explanation does not seem to hold: previous surveys also find
 that majorities support redistribution, even in the U.S.
 For example, ISSP (2019) finds that in each of the 29 surveyed countries,
 a majority agrees that 
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

It is the responsibility of the government to reduce the differences in
 income between people with high incomes and those with low incomes
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

, with 70% agreement and 14% disagreement overall.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
We note that the reader can already find the results for the U.S.
 in Supplementary Figure A29.
 We see that wealth taxes rank high in the prioritization of policies, right
 after funding affordable housing, student loan forgiveness and universal
 childcare (not mentioning that wealth taxes would be complementary to these
 policies).
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\shape italic
8.
 There is also the issue of effectiveness and financing portion of such
 a global policy scheme.
 How plausible is it that taxing the richest would generate sufficient revenue?
 Moreover, one would want to know more about the mechanisms that explain
 mass preferences.
 For example, to what extent is it those who care strongly about addressing
 global warming who support drastic reforms? 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Capping carbon emissions is widely seen as an effective and proven solution
 to reduce carbon emissions, as exemplified by the EU emissions trading
 system.
 The estimation of the global basic income that the GCS would finance is
 explained in Appendix E.
 The main hypothesis is a carbon price of $90 per ton of CO
\begin_inset Formula $_{\text{2}}$
\end_inset

 in 2030, in line with common model projections (Stern & Stiglitz, 2017).
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
We thank the reviewer for the suggestion to study the beliefs surrounding
 the support for the GCS.
 We can add a regression table analysing the attitudinal correlates of the
 support for the GCS.
\begin_inset Note Note
status open

\begin_layout Plain Layout
TODO
\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\shape italic
9.
 The study connects a wide range of policy fields (tax policy, global climate
 action, novel decisionmaking bodies, foreign aid, …) and this renders the
 paper difficult to digest and the main contribution appears (unnecessarily?)
 somewhat superficial.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
We realize that the wide coverage of the paper and its large number of results
 render it difficult to digest.
 Still, our view is that the overarching result that majorities support
 global redistribution is better proven if we present all results pertaining
 to these topics at once.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\shape italic
10.
 Is all the material presented sufficiently original given that Figure 1
 is taken from an NBER working paper? Also, I am wondering whether the referenci
ng is correct since NBER working paper 1714 is from 1985 and on “Does Deductibil
ity Influence Local Taxation”.
 Instead, Figure 1 seems to come from the “OECD Economics Department Working
 Paper, 1714.” The figure has also been used in an 2022 op-ed, see: https://cepr.o
rg/voxeu/columns/fighting-climate-change-international-attitudes-toward-climate-
policies 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
We thank the reviewer for pointing out that the number 1714 mistakenly referred
 to another working paper series of that paper.
 We note that Figure 1 does not appear in the NBER nor in the OECD working
 papers.
 Contrary to what the reviewer says, it does not appear either in the VoxEU
 article (the reviewer has probably confused Figure 1 with the figure on
 
\shape italic
national
\shape default
 climate policies presented on VoxEU).
 We acknowledge that Figure 1 appears in the appendix of the version of
 Dechezleprêtre et al.
 (2022) on the website of Adrien Fabre (and that figure is never commented
 in that paper).
 If it is important that this Figure be not reproduced, we can make sure
 that it is not present in the final publication (which should come out
 in the 
\shape italic
American Economic Review
\shape default
, given a favorable R&R decision).
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\shape italic
11.
 Overall, the study and the survey design remains opaque at times.
 For example, the survey structure seems to have included so many conditions
 and skip-/assignment logics that it is hard to make sense of the results
 in terms of experimental conditions and potential order effects.
 It is also unclear how the Figure A8 results should be interpreted given
 that it includes a range of policy reforms across multiple issue areas.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The survey structure is presented with schemas in Appendix D.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
We thank the reviewer for pointing out that the survey design remains opaque,
 and we will make our best to improve the description of the design.
 For example, we will make clear that the different treatments are independent
 from one another.
 We can also add some balance analyses and placebo tests of the effects
 of each treatment on unrelated outcomes.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Figure A8 is a conjoint analysis that mimick plausible choices between two
 platforms of progressive candidates (stemming from different left or center-lef
t parties in Europe, or different candidates at a U.S.
 democratic party's primary).
 The goal of this conjoint design is precisely to assess how global redistributi
on compares to other issues like national climate or social policies.
 Its coverage of multiple issues is a feature, not a bug.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\shape italic
12.
 Lastly, the title could be more informative about the content of the study.
 Also, it would be useful to convey the key finding or relationship that
 is investigated in the study in the title.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
We thank the reviewer for this suggestion and are willing to consider changing
 the title to, e.g.
 
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

Global redistribution is genuinely supported by majorities worldwide
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

.
 We thought that a more neutral title would be preferrable but are open
 on this question and will consult the editor.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Section
Reviewer #2
\begin_inset Note Note
status open

\begin_layout Plain Layout
Behavioral Economics; Experimental Economics; Public studies
\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\shape italic
The paper is in many ways a fun and interesting read, but my sense is that
 it doesn't reach the general interest bar of Nature Sustainability.
 A main reason behind me reaching that conclusion is that the policies discussed
 in the papers are generally formulated in very abstract terms.
 In the demand for redistribution literature one generally observes high
 agreement to general statements about the importance of things like increased
 equality and environmental sustainability.
 However, when policies become more concrete, and when it becomes clear
 who will actually be impacted, there is generally much less support.
 There are also often treatment effects from e.g.
 information present in the abstract, but not for concrete policies.
 For this reason, the generalizability of findings similar to the ones presented
 here are limited.
 This does, in itself, not preclude the paper from being published, but
 it diminishes its external validity significantly.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
We thank the reviewer for finding our paper interesting.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
We disagree with the reviewer that the policies discussed are 
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

formulated in very abstract terms
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

.
 We refer to the questionnaires in Appendix C and D, where one can read
 the wording of each question.
 The policies we test are well-specified and we even provide an assessment
 of the individual cost of the Global Climate Scheme and the revenues generated
 by a wealth tax.
 For some reason, the reviewer seems to believe that the GCS is not a concrete
 policy (although a variant of it has been discussed in international climate
 negotiations as soon as 1990, see Appendix A.2.1) and would have liked that
 our treatments relate to a more concrete policy (presumably the global
 millionaire tax).
 The reason why we focused on the GCS is that we had good reasons to think
 that it would be less popular than a global millionaire tax, given that
 it would come with a financial cost for most respondents.
 Therefore, if the support for a costly policy like the GCS was found to
 be genuine using our experiments, this result could reasonably be extended
 to more consensual policies like the millionaire tax.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
It may be true that support for global redistributive policies would be
 lower if they were becoming more concrete, but we cannot test that until
 they enter the public debate.
 We used all the methods available to us to test whether support for global
 redistributive policies is genuine.
 Our paper indicates that such policies may be supported once they enter
 the public debate, and this would be the first step to test whether attitudes
 will change once global redistribution is debated.
 To us, it is a result in itself that such policies are supported, even
 if this support might prove transitory.
 Preventing the publication of such a result on the ground that opinions
 may change means preventing the publication of any research on attitudes
 towards global redistributive policies, and more generally any policy that
 is not currently prominent in the public debate.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Finally, we have a different perspective on the question of the generalizability
 of the findings.
 By providing evidence on the support for various global redistributive
 policies in 20 countries and using a range of methods to test the sincerity
 of answers, we do think that our results are externally valid.
 For example, we expect strong majority support in a country like the Netherland
s for a global tax on top incomes (say, over $1 million per year) to finance
 vaccination campaigns in low-income countries or UN agencies like the World
 Food Program, even though that specific country or this specific policy
 were not tested.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Section
Reviewer #3
\begin_inset Note Note
status open

\begin_layout Plain Layout
Public policy; Ethics; Environmental economics
\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\shape italic
I’m not an expert in several of the disciplines relevant to this paper (namely,
 quantitative social science and political science involving surveys).
 I defer to other experts on whether the methods here are correct, including
 preregistration, etc.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\shape italic
I also partly defer re the paper’s novelty, but if the work here has not
 already been done elsewhere, then it seems of sufficient novelty to warrant
 publication in Nature Sustainability.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\shape italic
I advocate for a revise and resubmit based on what I am knowledgeable about,
 as my impression is that this article provides useful and important new
 knowledge – with the proviso that the methods are approved by other reviewers,
 and that other reviewers identify no good reason to doubt it is above the
 minimum bar of novelty.
 From a political point of view, it is important to know how many people
 say they would support different policies, including the GCS policy that
 is one of the authors’ focal points, and how robust those responses appear
 to be.
 From a wellbeing, equity, and poverty alleviation point of view, the authors’
 numbers check out regarding something on the order of $30/person/month
 in global carbon revenue would be generated with the magnitude of carbon
 pricing they consider, which could have important poverty alleviation implicati
ons if invested in pro-poverty alleviation ways.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\shape italic
At the same time, there were a few questions I had that seemed important
 to clarify in the text – some important issues are:
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\shape italic
1.
 Do the authors’ poverty calculations tacitly assume that the global poor
 do not bear any of the costs from large carbon pricing schemes such as
 GCS, and somehow only receive benefits via the equal per capita distribution
 of the revenues? If so, this might appear to some readers to be a complication
 for their poverty calculations, because realistically the poor will bear
 some of the mitigation costs – instead, the correct focus for poverty calculati
ons would be the net benefit, ie for a representative individual below the
 poverty line, we need to know that individual’s net benefit = the carbon
 dividend they receive minus the additional mitigation cost they bear from
 the carbon pricing scheme (due to decreased economic growth affecting them,
 higher fuel and other costs of goods, etc).
 In other words, if the carbon dividend for those below the poverty line
 is $30 per person, we then need to subtract from that amount the increased
 costs for those individuals from higher priced energy, goods, foregone
 wages etc in order to know how much better off they are on balance under
 the carbon pricing scheme.
 Without anticipating this issue, a skeptical reader might worry that these
 costs turn out to be a high percentage of the benefits from the carbon
 dividend, thus undermining the reported poverty alleviation benefits.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\shape italic
If the authors have already accounted for mitigation cost in their poverty
 alleviation calculations, they should state this and briefly explain this
 in more detail in the text.
 Currently, the authors seem to say only that “The 700 million people with
 less than $2/day would be lifted out of extreme poverty, and fossil fuel
 price increases would cost the typical person in their country a specified
 amount (see Supplementary Section D).” However, supplementary Section D
 does not explain anything relevant to this issue (as far as I see), but
 rather simply explains how different survey respondents in rich countries
 are told that their own consumption will be decreased by additional mitigation
 cost in their own rich country.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\shape italic
If I’ve not misunderstood the situation, and the authors have in fact not
 accounted for the mitigation cost burden for the poor, perhaps a solution
 is to cite a paper that quantifies that the net benefits will be large
 for those at the bottom of the income distribution from a scheme like GCS,
 and thus that the net benefits are large as the benefits for the poorest
 greatly exceed the mitigation costs.
 For one specific set of results that does this, in a paper the authors
 already cite, see Supplementary Figure 4 (especially panel C) of Budolfson
 et al “Climate action with revenue recycling has benefits for poverty,
 inequality and well-being”.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The average carbon footprint of Sub-Saharan Africa is 0.75tCO
\begin_inset Formula $_{\text{2}}$
\end_inset

 per capita
\begin_inset Foot
status open

\begin_layout Plain Layout
\begin_inset CommandInset href
LatexCommand href
target "https://www.macrotrends.net/countries/SSF/sub-saharan-africa-/carbon-co2-emissions"

\end_inset

.
\end_layout

\end_inset

, and it is even lower for people living in extreme poverty, under one tenth
 of the world average of about 5tCO
\begin_inset Formula $_{\text{2}}$
\end_inset

 per capita (Chancel & Piketty, 2015).
 Under a GCS with a cash transfer of $30 per person, if one's emission is
 one tenth of the world average, their net gain would be $27 per month in
 nominal terms.
 In regions with extreme poverty like Sub-Saharan Africa (excluding high-income
 countries), the conversion factor from Market Exchange Rate to Purchasing
 Power Parity (PPP) is 2.4
\begin_inset Foot
status open

\begin_layout Plain Layout
See 
\begin_inset CommandInset href
LatexCommand href
target "https://data.worldbank.org/indicator/NY.GDP.PCAP.PP.KD?locations=ZF&most_recent_value_desc=false"

\end_inset

 and 
\begin_inset CommandInset href
LatexCommand href
target "https://data.worldbank.org/indicator/NY.GDP.PCAP.KD?locations=ZF&most_recent_value_desc=false"

\end_inset

.
\end_layout

\end_inset

, so that the net gain is $65 per month (or $2.13 a day) in PPP.
 This is enough to lift out of extreme poverty anyone with less than $2
 a day in PPP (the poverty line is commonly given in PPP).
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Admittedly, the net gain could be lower due to inflation or general equilibrium
 effects.
 However, increase in food prices woud probably be temporary (the time that
 supply adjusts to a higher demand) and increased investment capacity of
 the poorest humans would actualy foster growth in these regions rather
 than reduce GDP compared to a business as usual (BAU) scenario (note that
 there is no international transfers in a BAU scenario).
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The method to compute the net gain and the PPP adjustment is described in
 Supplementary Appendix E (referred to in the sentence preceding the one
 cited by the reviewer).
 However, we did not report the net gain estimation for someone living in
 extreme poverty: we will add that to the Appendix.
\begin_inset Note Note
status open

\begin_layout Plain Layout
TODO
\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
We thank the reviewer for the reference of the Appendix of Budolfson et
 al.
 (2021).
 This paper finds a per capita dividend in the same order of magnitude as
 ours, at $19 per month.
 Furthermore, once we account for the PPP adjustment, the effect we find
 on extreme poverty is in line with the calculations of Budolfson et al.
 (2021).
\begin_inset Note Note
status open

\begin_layout Plain Layout
Budolfson find +40% for bottom quintile of Africa's consumption and +10%
 in India.
\end_layout

\end_inset

 As our computations already account for the cost of carbon pricing borne
 by poor people, we see no need to use the calculations of Budolfson et
 al.
 (2021) instead of ours.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\shape italic
2.
 A further issue is that the authors could be more clear about how many
 people they claim would be lifted out of poverty by their central GCS scenario.
 Here is a simple way of explaining one reason why this is important and
 involves a further complication: even if we ignore the issue in the previous
 comment and thus focus only on the per capita carbon dividend, by the authors’
 own lights the carbon dividend is only $1/day (= $30/month).
 So, if we want to know how many people will be lifted out of poverty, where
 that means living on more than $2/day, it is not obvious how many people
 that would be if all we know is that every person will get an additional
 $1/day? (It depends on how many of the poorest people are close enough
 to the $2/day line that the extra amount puts them over that threshold.
 In addition, this illustrates the importance of the issue in the previous
 comment, since if the net benefit for each person in poverty is less than
 $1/day, this will also effect how many people are raised for the first
 time above the $2/day threshold.) The authors’ seem to assert without further
 analysis that “The 700 million people with less than $2/day would be lifted
 out of extreme poverty”.
 (see textbox – note that this quote from the authors most naturally is
 taken to be saying that *everyone in the world* would be lifted out of
 extreme poverty, but it is unclear why we should be convinced that is so
 for the reasons just given.)
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\shape italic
The data underlying the Budolfson et al paper referenced above would answer
 these questions, but for some reason their paper does not seem to have
 reported those specific numbers anywhere (ie it does not specifically report
 what % of those below $2/day would be lifted above $2/day in a GCS-like
 scenario).
 Perhaps these numbers are available from another published paper, or perhaps
 Budolfson et al would be willing to provide them if useful.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
We confirm that everyone in the world would be lifted out of extreme poverty
 if the GCS is successfully implemented (i.e.
 if every human receives the basic income).
 The confusion stems from the PPP adjustment, that is only mentioned in
 a footnote in Supplementary Section E that the reviewer has probably missed.
 We can mention this PPP adjustment more prominently in the text.
\begin_inset Note Note
status open

\begin_layout Plain Layout
TODO
\end_layout

\end_inset

 
\begin_inset Note Note
status open

\begin_layout Plain Layout
If the reviewer is one of the co-authors of Budolfson et al.
 (2021), we would be happy to get their estimates of the reduction in the
 share of people living in extreme poverty
\begin_inset Note Note
status open

\begin_layout Plain Layout
(and the reduction it would be in the case of a $30 basic income)
\end_layout

\end_inset

, to check that this is in line with our findings.
\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\shape italic
3.
 As a side-note, perhaps worth somehow bringing out the subtlety of this
 a bit: if we change the world so that everyone who was previously living
 on less than $2/day is now living on $2.50/day, it is not clear that we
 have really ended extreme poverty (as the $2/day threshold does not mark
 a deeply precise and dramatic distinction in quality of life)?
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
This is a fair point.
 We used the common definition of extreme poverty by the World Bank, which
 is necessarily arbitrary.
 We acknowledge that the GCS would not eradicate poverty (only extreme poverty
 defined at the $2/day threshold).
 Still, we note that the GCS would benefit the global poor, defined as anyone
 with a carbon footprint lower than the (ex post) world average.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\shape italic
4.
 Within Fig 1 and Supplementary Information Fig S1, the authors say that
 the GCS scenario divides a 2deg global carbon budget into “tradable country
 shares”.
 Can the authors explain explicitly how these “country shares” are determined
 and thus how this is equivalent to the GCS scenario described in the main
 text (since the text does not otherwise refer to “country shares” as far
 as I can see).
 Eg is each country’s share of the total global permits simply that country’s
 % of global population? Simply adding that information would be sufficient
 (if that is correct) – but this isn’t completely clear from the text.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
As shown in Supplementary Section C, the first question on the global emissions
 trading scheme did not specify how country shares would be allocated between
 countries.
 It was meant to be implicitly conveyed by the sentence 
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

Following the support for the global quota, respondents are asked about
 their preferences for dividing the carbon budget among countries
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

, but we acknowledge that this may not have been clear.
 We can add some words to clarify this above in the text.
\begin_inset Note Note
status open

\begin_layout Plain Layout
TODO
\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\shape italic
5.
 The figures in the main text say that “The numbers represent the percentage
 of somewhat or strong support, after excluding indifferent answers.” Is
 it a strong custom to report results in this way in this kind of context?
 It seemed odd to me, as it seemed to inflate the levels of support.
 (It is also a little opaque to the reader given it is the only way of reporting
 things in the main text, given that an unknown and arbitrarily large %
 of the population could be indifferent – eg if 99% are indifferent, and
 the remaining 1% are all in favor, that would be reported as 100% in favor?).
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\shape italic
I defer to the customary norms of how to report things if there is a strong
 customary norm in favor of reporting the data in the way the authors have.
 Otherwise I’d prefer the absolute % as reported in SI A3.
 (The authors could also consider reporting both numbers in the main text
 together, with the coloring based on one metric, but perhaps add the other
 in parentheses, eg a question that has a relative % of 84 and absolute
 % of 64 could be reported as “84 (64)”.)
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
It seems to us that there is no customary norm on the matter.
 We share the opposite perspective that putting the emphasis on absolute
 levels would downplay the support, as an expedient reader might assume
 that all those who do not support actually oppose the policy.
 Displaying the absolute level of opposition may also be an interesting
 alternative.
 In any case, it is important to report both the absolute and relative levels
 of support in separate figures and to do it at least for one policy in
 the main text, so that the readers get a sense of the share of 
\shape italic
indifferent 
\shape default
answers.
 This is already what we do with Figures A3 and A25, and as we write 
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

the global quota obtains 64% absolute support and 84% relative support
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

.
 We can add the absolute level of support for the support for loss and damages
 compensatio, the only other policy (asked with an option for indifference)
 for which we report the relative level of support.
\begin_inset Note Note
status open

\begin_layout Plain Layout
TODO
\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\shape italic
6.
 A small issue: I thought GCS should not be described as a “Climate Club”
 (see textbox pg 8), as in the literature a climate club typically refers
 to a proper subset of nations that coordinate action together either to
 benefit themselves directly in some way, or to indirectly benefit themselves
 by getting other nations to deepen their mitigation efforts? (I don’t think
 this is anything to worry about in the survey, just could come across as
 a bit of a distracting misnomer.)
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
To us, the GCS perfectly fits with the definition of a climate club: carbon
 pricing within the club and carbon tariffs at its borders.
 If there is a misnomer, it would rather be in the term 
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

global
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

 as the GCS may only be 
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

international
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

, i.e.
 not encompassing all countries.
 It is too late to change the name used in the questionnaire though.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\shape italic
7.
 Perhaps in the main text the authors should more explicitly situate their
 contribution relative to Carattini, S., Kallbekken, S.
 & Orlov, A.
 How to win public support for a global carbon tax.
 Nature 565, 289–291 (2019).
 This doesn’t require any big reframing or revisions, but perhaps just a
 sentence or two?
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
In the literature review (Supplementary Section A.1.1), we write that 
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

Carattini et al.
 (2019) test the support for six variants of a global carbon tax on samples
 in five countries, representative along gender and age.
 For a given variant, the sample size is about 167 respondents per country
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

.
 Implicitly, our contribution relative to Carattini et al.
 (2019) is to have large-scale samples, representative along more dimensions
 than just gender and age (also income, diploma, etc.), and to test an emissions
 trading system (involving a cap on carbon emissions) rather than a tax.
 We can add these contributions more explicitly
\begin_inset Note Note
status open

\begin_layout Plain Layout
and do so in the main text
\end_layout

\end_inset

.
\begin_inset Note Note
status open

\begin_layout Plain Layout
TODO
\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\shape italic
8.
 I thought for a broad audience it could be explained a little more explicitly
 what a “real-stake petition” is, and same for the other terms in this key
 sentence: “By employing a list experiment, a real-stake petition, and conjoint
 analyses, our study indicates genuine and robust support for the GCS among
 respondents.
 For example, the conjoint analyses provide evidence that political parties
 would not lose vote intention by endorsing the GCS.” Explain and connect
 the dots more explicitly for a broad audience about what these things mean,
 and how they imply the conclusions the authors claim.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
We thank the reviewer for pointing out passages in the text that are not
 clear to a broad audience.
 We will make our best effort to improve the wording while respecting the
 length constraint.
\begin_inset Note Note
status open

\begin_layout Plain Layout
TODO
\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\shape italic
9.
 Regarding why politicians do not advocate GCS, the authors say “we hypothesized
 pluralistic ignorance, i.e.
 that the public and policymakers mistakenly perceive the GCS as unpopular”.
 I thought a different approach might be for the authors in this article
 to be more agnostic about the explanation absent much deeper political
 science analysis, while noting that there are several plausible explanations,
 including this one? (It seems to require much more argument to advance
 the authors’ explanation, which is not the focus of the paper here.) Eg
 a different explanation is that politicians are focused on marginal voters
 who might be indifferent in the majority, but in some cases would see support
 of GCS as a reason to veto the candidate whereas failing to support GCS
 as a main plank in their platform is not seen as a reason not to support
 the candidate.
 Other explanations are possible.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
We should perhaps clarify in this passage of the paper that pluralistic
 ignorance was just one of the pre-registered hypotheses that may have explained
 the absence of global carbon pricing from the public debate.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
We test other hypotheses throughout the survey (low stated support, lack
 of sincerity in stated support, conflicting core values), including the
 reviewer's hypothesis that the GCS would not bring electoral gain to a
 candidate.
 We reject the latter hypothesis with our conjoint analyses.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\shape italic
10.
 This doesn’t necessarily require any changes, but wanted to note that the
 authors say: “A global quota with equal per capita emission rights produces
 the same distributional outcomes as a global carbon tax that funds a global
 basic income.” In theory yes, but what about in practice? Some might think
 that these differ in attractiveness in reality, perhaps due to real-world
 complications of the sort that are the focus of political economy, administrati
ve feasibility, etc.
 (Eg if experts were asked the same survey questions, they might differ
 in their support for each based on these considerations.)
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The cited sentence is meant to introduce the two factors that explain the
 different levels of support between the global quota and the carbon tax
 funding a global basic income: framing and difference in the policy properties.
 Admittedly, we only cite the difference in effectiveness as this is the
 most prominent difference between a quota (where emissions are fixed) and
 a tax (where they are uncertain).
 We could also reword the sentence to acknowledge that other potential differenc
es in the perceived features of both policies might play a role.
\begin_inset Note Note
status open

\begin_layout Plain Layout
TODO
\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\shape italic
Thanks to the authors for this excellent contribution.
\end_layout

\end_body
\end_document
